So in this network we've been told that Araud of one is not able to ping the loop back of Rato for this
is the IP address of waterfalls loopback paying for 4.4 as we can see the ping doesn't succeed.
It doesn't look like it's getting to four.
Let's see how far it gets.
So all trace to the loop back of rockfall.
And in this example it looks like it's not even leaving the local router.
We don't see the traffic get to router to route three or route.
It just times out.
So let's check if that route isn't the writing table the local router will simply drop the packets if
the route is not in the wrong table.
And as we can see that route is not in one's writing table is it in the BGP table as we can see it's
not if the route is not learnt through BGP it's not going to be added to the operating table which means
you won't be able to ping or send traffic to that network the local router will simply drop the traffic
to that remote network.
And that's what we are seeing here.
So again without a rat in the IP writing table traffic is simply dropped routing protocols such as BGP
add routes to the IP writing table the only routing protocol that we currently have enabled is BGP BGP
seems to be working because we are receiving Roths in the BJP writing table as an example.
We are learning about this network.
We are learning about network show IP BGP summary shows us that we have a neighbor relationship to 8
8 8 to 2.
We are receiving routes from that neighbor.
So again show IP BGP we can see routes have been advertised by that neighbor to the local router and
we can ping
17:1 one too which is Rato full.
So at this point it looks like they may be a problem on Grado 4 because we can get to route for as shown
by the trace route.
So traffic going to 17 one 1 2 goes to router 2 then router 3 then run a full
but we dont have 4.4 for that for in the running table.
So lets have a look on Grada for to see if we can find a problem.